story recapped here today i'm going to show you
an action adventure sci-fi film called the edge
of tomorrow spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in the not-too-distant future aliens called mimics
have landed on earth and started an invasion
in europe with millions of human casualties
the mimic seemed unstoppable until humanity gained
the upper hand at verdun the victory is attributed
to the use of a new robotic armored exoskeleton
that ensures even soldiers with minimal training
can be turned into super soldiers citing vita
vertovsky's 100 kills in her first day of battle
dubbed as the angel of verdun dita's
success made her the face of the army
vida's brash stoic and blunt nature
paired with her mimic kill count
gave her the second nickname full metal [ __
] with hope gained from the success in verdun
humanity prepares to launch an all-out
assault on the mimics with operation downfall
major william bill cage is the head and face of
the u.s army media relations and serves as the
main man in recruitment for the war effort he
meets with general brigham in london to discuss
operation downfall's impact on the population's
perception of the war effort brigham is concerned
that once the battle is won a lot of soldiers
will die and many will be eyeing him for the blame
bill suggests a way to depict brigham's story
is the man who saved humanity from the mimics
brigham clarifies that he doesn't want himself to
be highlighted but the invasion itself and orders
bill to the front lines with a camera crew
surprised by his sudden involvement in the
war bill tries to reason out with the general
that his only military experiences with rotc
in college and that he only joined the military
when his advertising firm shut down only serving
as head of the military's media relations brigham
clarifies that this is an order not a suggestion
desperate to stay bill threatens brigham that
he can easily shift the blame of the war to him
general brigham is unimpressed and has him
arrested the next morning bill wakes up in a
recruitment camp he meets sergeant farrell who
informs him that he's been branded a deserter
and is charged with impersonating an officer
bill has now been demoted to private and is
brought to j squad the whole base prepares
for the invasion and bill gets strapped into
one of the armor exoskeletons the invasion force
loaded up into aircrafts and they head to france
before they could land bill's aircraft gets
hit by a missile and everyone is forced to bail
bill miraculously survives the crash and advances
to the beach all around him planes crash bombs
explode and soldiers die vita joins the battle and
bill sees her fighting the mimics with broadsword
killing them with relative ease vita and bill
lock eyes before vita get shot by a mimic killing
her bill regroups with farrell and the remains
of j-squad and prepares for the mimics charge
they get ambushed and everyone dies bill
survives and kills the ambushing mimic but an
alpha mimic comes up behind him vil grabs a mine
and kills the alpha but gets covered in its blood
melting his skin and killing him bill
wakes up at the recruitment camp again
dazed and reeling from confusion he is unsure of
what happened he meets farrell and is introduced
to j squad again bill is extremely confused as
everything is happening just as it did earlier
he gets loaded up into the armor then the
aircraft and they launch for the invasion
they fly and get hit by a missile again and bill
finds himself on the beach he stumbles his way
across the battlefield before getting killed
and waking up in the recruitment camp again
bill tries to tell farrell and jay squad
what's happening but nobody believes him
he still ends up in the transport aircraft
flying into france bill dies several more
times but respawns every time he dies bill gets
better at killing the mimics and vita notices
she tells bill to find her when he wakes
up before she could continue they both die
bill wakes up and finds veda telling her what
happened it turns out that she had the power
before him and this only happens if they kill
an alpha mimic and get covered in its blood
the pair meet up with carter an expert
in particle physics advanced microbiology
he explains to bill that the mimics are less of
an army and more like a singular organism the
alpha mimic that bill killed serves as the alien
central nervous system the brain of the mimics is
the omega and it controls them all the omega has
the ability to control time and reset day to start
the battle anew this is the reason why the aliens
have been so successful vita then tells bill that
the win at verdun was a fake out fooling humanity
into believing there's a chance to win the mimics
will then use its power to wipe out the majority
of humanity's army and continue with a planet-wide
invasion carter then warns bill of strange visions
of the future and visions of the omega itself
this happens he theorizes when the omega gets
close to locating bill vita then trains bill to
fight in the training field veto warns bill that
if he gets injured he should make sure he dies
if he loses a lot of blood and gets a transfusion
he might lose the power to reset time bill trains
with vita and dies again and again and again until
he finally gets a vision of the omega's location
with his first vision appearing the pair finish
with training and move into battle bill and vita
try their best to survive the invasion with bill
trying to memorize everything that's happening and
orienting vita every time they meet again the
pair try their best to cross the beach but the
repeats slowly take a toll on bill as he has to
watch vita get killed a countless number of times
bill finds himself caring more and more
for vita each time he relives the day
carter finally finds the omega in germany but
a frustrated bill tells him that no matter what
they do they still can't manage to survive the
initial beach landing after several more tries
the pair managed to make it across the beach onto
a trailer park they find a vehicle and drive as
far as they can inland bill tells vita that they
eventually talk and get to know each other better
vida is apprehensive but bill tells her some
details about her life that she shared with
him but vita shrugs they stumble into an
old farmhouse and find a small helicopter
vita wants to fly to germany but bill argues they
should stay for the night he makes them coffee
but vita notices that bill already knows how she
likes her coffee bill admits that they've lived
this before but he doesn't want to go further
because he cares for her and she always dies
before they could take off in the helicopter he
can't bring himself to kill the omega as it would
make vida's death permanent determined to finish
the war vita starts the helicopter and the mimics
attack and just as bill had said she dies bill
responds in the camp again but this time decides
to journey alone to the omega he manages to fly
to germany only to find that the omega isn't there
he gets ambushed by an alpha but notices
the alpha isn't trying to kill him
bill recognizes that it's trying to retrieve its
powers he drowns himself and respawns in the camp
telling vida and carter about what he saw with no
other options the trio decide to try out carter's
prototype transponder which would allow
them to see the omega's true location
they first have to retrieve it from
general brigham at the headquarters
vita and bill meet with brigham at headquarters
and bill somehow appears to have convinced brigham
he hands them the transponder but as they
head out officers are waiting to arrest them
they try to escape and get into a car chase bill
manages to use the transponder and sees the omega
is in an underwater chasm under the louvre before
bill could reset the day they get into a crash
bill wakes up on a hospital bed seeing a
pack of blood getting transfused into him
he realizes that he's lost the power and tries
to escape veda finds him and he informs her that
he's lost his power and this would be their
final chance bill then tries to get j squad
on board and the squad joins bill as soon
as they see the full metal [ __ ] with him
the squad launches into france under the
cover of darkness they're immediately met
with resistance and their transport crashes the
remaining survivors managed to make it to the
louvre but more of jay squad die with only
vida and bill remaining they head deeper in
veda tells bill that he's a good man and she
wishes they had a chance to get to know each other
he kisses him before they split up veda tries to
make a distraction for the mimics and bill makes
a break for the omega carrying a pack of grenades
and alpha finds vita and kills her it sees bill
heading for the omega but bill manages to dive
into the underwater chasm holding the omega
bill tries to swim for the omega grenades in
hand but the alpha stabs him through the chest
he drops the grenades and it floats
down to the omega luckily bill removed
the pins and the grenades explode with the
omega's death all the mimics cease and die
bill then wakes up inside a helicopter arriving in
london as he lands he sees general brigham making
an announcement that a large surge of energy had
been detected in france and the mimics have died
they had succeeded in defeating the mimics
and bill being covered in the omega's blood
had reset the day once more phil heads to
the training field and meets with a full
metal [ __ ] again for the first time subscribe to
watch more videos like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching